feat!: 4k collateral high performance masternode implementation (#5039)
dashpay/dash: doc/release-notes-5039.md

Added RPCs
--------

The following RPCs were added: `protx register_hpmn`, `protx register_fund_hpmn`, `protx register_prepare_hpmn` and `protx update_service_hpmn`.
These HPMN RPCs correspond to the standard masternode RPCs but have the following additional mandatory arguments: `platformNodeID`, `platformP2PPort` and `platformHTTPPort`.
- `platformNodeID`: Platform P2P node ID, derived from P2P public key.
- `platformP2PPort`: TCP port of Dash Platform peer-to-peer communication between nodes (network byte order).
- `platformHTTPPort`: TCP port of Platform HTTP/API interface (network byte order).
Notes:
- `platformNodeID` must be unique across the network.
- `platformP2PPort`, `platformHTTPPort` and the Core port must be distinct.

Updated RPCs
--------

> The RPC's `gobject getcurrentvotes` reply is enriched with the weight of the vote. Possible values 1 or 4. Example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RPC's `gobject getcurrentvotes` reply is enriched by adding the vote weight at the end of each line. Possible values are 1 or 4. Example: 
```
